This repo is a replicaiton study of Barari, Lucas, & Munger (2021)'s article of Political Deepfake Videos Misinform the Public, But No More than Other Fake Media. 
It is organized as follow,

## Abstract

In this section, I will provide a overview of the original study cconducted by Barari, Lucas, & Munger (2021) and briefly summarize the outline of reproducibility study.

## Introduction 

Reproducibility of scientific studies is considered critical when performing quanlitative research. This project is oriented toward reproducing the results generated by the two field experiments. Particular attention will be paid to the use of experimental controls when examining their research models. In addition, the description of experimental details in materials and methods section will be further assessed. In this section, I will discuss the pertinent literature regarding this line of ressearch and how the research questions can be addressed with the same research methods. 

## Data analysis

Building on the data collected through the two experiments, I will be replicating the same results in the same circumstances in order to measure the vaility and reliability of the research results of the original study. 

## Conclusions and discussions

After replicating the results of this study, I will present my own results and explain how my results are similar or different from the original results. By comparing and contrasting the results generated with the same datasets, we would be able to validate the consistency and reproducibility of the original study. 


